---
layout: post
title: Starting Anew
---
There is a saying that goes, <em>Anything worth doing should be difficult</em>. This saying conjures up thoughts of saving for a big purchase such as a house or your child's college tuition, or maybe training for a big race or learning a new language. For me, it's an appropriate way to describe my journey as a web developer.

Nearly three years ago, I made the decision to start planning for an eventual career change. I was 30 years old. I had worked for the same company for 8 years and I was good enough at my job, but I knew it wasn't going to last forever.

So I did some research and landed on IT as the field I wanted to transition to, but I honestly hadn't a clue what I wanted to be. I spent the next two years while enrolled in a computer science degree program exploring different career paths and talking to some really smart people who helped me to understand what I did and didn't see myself doing every day.

I knew that I had an interest in creating web pages and basic applications from the experience I had in school, and I've always had an affinity for learning complex processes - be it a new language, a mathematical model, etc. I discovered that software developers were not only in high demand and could make a very satisfying living...they also often work remotely and have the ability to travel around the world without fear of finding work. I concluded that software development was something that I wanted to do for the next chapter of my career. 

In the summer of 2017, I enrolled in the Web Development Track at Bloc where I hoped to be challenged to grow my skills as a developer. And challenged I have been! But, as they say, anything worth doing should be.
